Update some instructions and list formatting (#3432)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/training_manual/qgis_plugins/plugin_examples.rst

#. The base map will be loaded and you will have a satellite background for the
   map.

   .. image:: img/qms_result.png
      :align: center

> QuickMapServices plugin has a lot of base maps available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The QuickMapServices plugin makes a lot of base maps available.
```

> #. Close the :guilabel:`Search QMS` panel we open before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Close the :guilabel:`Search QMS` panel we opened before
```

#. Click again on :menuselection:`Web --> QuickMapServices`. The first menu

>    lists different map providers with all the available maps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   lists different map providers with available maps:
```

   .. image:: img/qms_menu.png
      :align: center

But there is more.

If the default maps are not enough for you, you can add other map providers.

> #. Click on :menuselection:`Web --> QuickMapServices --> Settings` and go in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click on :menuselection:`Web --> QuickMapServices --> Settings` and go to the
```

   :guilabel:`More services` tab.
#. Read carefully the message of this tab and if you agree click on the
   :guilabel:`Get Contributed pack` button.

> If you open now the :menuselection:`Web --> QuickMapServices` menu you will see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you now open the :menuselection:`Web --> QuickMapServices` menu you will see
```

> a lot more providers available. Choose the one that best fits your needs!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that more providers are available. Choose the one that best fits your needs!
```

   .. tip:: if you are not familiar with the :guilabel:`Key` and :guilabel:`Value`
    system, click on the :guilabel:`Help with key/value` button. It will open a
    web page with a complete description of this concept of OpenStreetMap.

> #. Look for :guilabel:`railway` in the :guilabel:`Key` menu and let the :guilabel:`Value`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Look for :guilabel:`railway` in the :guilabel:`Key` menu and let the :guilabel:`Value` be
```

   empty: so we are downloading all the :guilabel:`railway` features without specifying

>    particular values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   any values.
```
